Oh my God Becky look at her butt
It is so big
she looks like One of those rap guys' girlfriends. But ya know who understands those rap guys?
They only talk to her because, She looks like a total prostitute
'kay? I mean her butt is just so big
I can't believe it's just so round it's like out there I mean
gross look She's just so black
I like big butts and I can not lie You other brothers can't deny That when a
girl walks in with an itty bitty waist And a round
thing in your face You get sprung want to pull up
tough 'Cause you notice that butt was
stuffed Deep in the jeans she's wearing I'm
hooked and
I can't stop staring
Oh baby I want to get wit'cha And take your
picture My homeboys tried
to warn me
But with that butt you got makes
(me so horny) Ooh Rump-o'-smooth-skin You say you want to get
in
my Benz? Well use me use me 'Cause you ain't that average groupie I've seen
her dancin'
To hell with romancin' She's sweat wet, Got it goin' like a turbo 'Vette I'm tired of magazines Sayin'
flat butts are the thing Take
the average black man
and
ask him that She gotta pack much
back So fellas (yeah) Fellas
(yeah) Has your girlfriend got
the butt? (hell yeah) Tell 'em to shake
it (shake it) shake
it
(shake it)
Shake that
healthy butt
Baby got back (L.A.
fits
with the
Oakland booty)
Baby got back
(L.A. fits with the
Oakland booty)
I like
'em round and big And when I'm throwin' a gig I just can't help myself I'm actin'
like an animal Now here's
my scandal I want to get you home And ugh double-up ugh
ugh I ain't talkin' bout Playboy 'Cause silicone parts are made
for toys I want 'em real thick and juicy So find that juicy double
Mix-a-Lot's in trouble Beggin' for a piece of that bubble So I'm lookin' at rock videos Knock-kneed
bimbos walkin' like hoes You can have them bimbos I'll keep my women
like Flo Jo A word
to the thick soul sistas I want to get with ya I won't cuss
or
hit ya But I gotta be straight
when I say I want to f*ck Til the break
of dawn Baby got
it goin' on A lot of simps won't like this song 'Cause them punks like to hit
it and quit it And
I'd rather stay and play 'Cause I'm long and I'm strong And I'm down to get the friction on So
ladies (Yeah) Ladies (Yeah) If you want to
role in my Mercedes (Yeah) Then turn around stick
it out Even white boys got to shout Baby got back  Baby got back Yeah baby when it comes to females Cosmo ain't got nothin' To do with my
selection Thirty six-twenty- four-thirty six Ha
ha only if she's 5'3  So your girlfriend rolls a Honda playin'
workout tapes
by Fonda But Fonda ain't got a motor in the back of her Honda My anaconda don't want none Unless you've got buns
hon You can do side bends or sit-ups But please don't lose that butt Some brothers
want to play that
hard role And
tell you that the butt ain't gol' So they toss
it and leave it And I pull up quick to retrieve it So Cosmo says you're fat Well I ain't down with that 'Cause your waist is small and your curves are kickin' And I'm thinkin' bout stickin' To the beanpole dames in the magazines You ain't it Miss Thing Give me a sista I can't resist her Red beans and rice didn't miss her Some knucklehead tried to dis 'Cause his girls are on my list He had game but he chose to hit 'em And I pull up quick to get wit 'em So ladies if the butt is round, And you want a triple X throw down, Dial 1-900-MIXALOT And kick them nasty thoughts Baby got back  Baby got back